Dante's Inferno is a 1935 motion picture starring Spencer Tracy and loosely based on Dante Alighieri's Divine Comedy. The film remains primarily remembered for a 10-minute depiction of hell realised by director Harry Lachman, himself an established post-impressionist painter. This was Fox Film Corporation's last film before the company merged with Twentieth Century Pictures to form 20th Century Fox.

Plot
Jim Carter, a former stoker, takes over a fairground show, run by 'Pop' McWade, which depicts scenes from Dante's Inferno. He marries Pop's niece Betty and they have a son, Alexander. Meanwhile, the show becomes a great success, with Carter making it larger and more lurid. An inspector declares the fair unsafe but Carter bribes him into silence. There is a partial collapse at the fair which injures Pop. Recovering in hospital, he admonishes Carter and we see a lengthy vision of the Inferno. Undeterred, Carter establishes a new venture with an unsafe floating casino, only for disaster to strike again at sea.

Cast
Spencer Tracy as Jim Carter
Claire Trevor as Betty McWade
Henry B. Walthall as Pop McWade
Alan Dinehart as Jonesy
Scotty Beckett as Alexander Carter
Rita Cansino as Dancer
Willard Robertson as Building Inspector Harris
Morgan Wallace as Chad Williford
Robert Gleckler as Dean
Don Ameche as Man in Stoke-Hold (uncredited)
Jack Mower as Court Bailiff (uncredited)
George Irving as Judge (uncredited)This was Spencer Tracy's last film for Fox before moving to MGM.

Production
Development
The film uses a conventional story of greed and dishonesty to project an image of the Inferno conjured up in Dante's 14th-century epic poem. Director Lachman had established a substantial reputation as a painter before embarking on a Hollywood career and he summoned his artistic vision to realise Dante's work in cinematographic form, drawing on the engravings of Gustave Doré. The film's reputation pivots on the 10 minute vision of the Inferno and reception has been mixed.  Leslie Halliwell described it as "one of the most unexpected, imaginative and striking pieces of cinema in Hollywood's history," while Variety held that it was, "a pushover for vigorous exploitation."

Release
The 1935 film was produced by Fox Film Corporation just before the May 31, 1935 merger that created Twentieth Century-Fox, and so it was released as a Twentieth Century-Fox film.

References
External links
Dante's Inferno on IMDb
Dante's Inferno at AllMovie
Dante's Inferno at the TCM Movie Database